#22681 Document `tls.enabled` for in 2.10 (#880)
digital-asset/docs.daml.com: docs/2.10.0/docs/canton/usermanual/console.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For production use cases, in particular if the Admin API is not just bound to localhost, we recommend to enable
:ref:`TLS <tls-configuration>` with mutual authentication. If an API is secured using certificates that are

> singed by a system-wide trusted CA and TLS configuration is otherwise empty, TLS can be enabled

Reviewer: Minor typoe - "signed"

> :ref:`TLS <tls-configuration>` with mutual authentication. If an API is secured using certificates that are
> singed by a system-wide trusted CA and TLS configuration is otherwise empty, TLS can be enabled

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
:ref:`TLS <tls-configuration>` with mutual authentication. If an API is secured using certificates that are
signed by a system-wide trusted CA and the TLS configuration is otherwise empty, TLS can be enabled
```
